what's up everybody it's critical I'm
playing beast boxing turbo for the PC
let's do this shit I'm gonna pick new
game since I've never played this before
tell that to your chemistry professor
tutorial absolutely preposterous do you
think me the fuck sensei I don't need a
tutorial and you know you can take this
tutorial and asshole it to block that
what the fuck
cheap shot he just socked me in the nose
when I'm reading the directions and it's
damn undercooked hamburger hands are
half the size of his entire body before
there was shit there was this guy is the
epitome of nose shoved into beehive
prepare to fight I must have finished
the tutorial I'm fighting piglets my
mentor student vs. teacher human versus
pig who will win in this showdown
ancient Egyptian pharaohs used to place
bets on matches just like these the only
difference piglet wasn't in that shit
what the fuck is this abomination
this costume sure works and nobody
suspects that I'm a human that's
supposed to be a disguise you're not
fooling anybody with that it looks like
somebody's anus just sneezed and you
wrapped yourself in its corporeal form
good luck getting past security with
that double-oh-seven
this dude's torso looks like a face with
the handlebar moustache round one I
think you mean round you're done
lightning-fast jabs right off the bat
shit the hands are on fire somebody grab
some water right now never mind go ahead
and take your seat Poseidon the fire was
extinguished by repeatedly clobbering
porky pigs cranium Roy Jones jr. is
scratching his head at that remarkable
speed that was incredible
let's get ready to rumble your telephone
is ringing it's my fist calling to punch
you some more you can't handle this now
that's a good strike but I've got the
combos the uppercuts the jabs the
haymakers
all right I need to reload ran out of
stamina there we go all you can't handle
it when I'm finished punching you in the
chin you won't be able to tell if your
titties are spitting liquid or if you're
just washing your hands in a sink I'm
just popping them with these partially
filled water balloons sneak attack
you didn't even block it's over KO
hee but didn't even me that's all folks
there it is there it is if somebody
asked me where's the ko I'd say it's
right there you can't handle it to say
oh shit all right
now he's putting those dinosaur nipples
he's got on his hands to good use your
leaders temporary
yes fucking ferocious two left jabs you
will not be able to sustain much more
punishment from these punches shit
almost out of power for the punches just
walk into the punches please fuck
there is no power left to these punches
it doesn't matter they can still bring
the noise fuck it I'll just let the
power recharge piglets it seems you've
won the lottery of powerful punches I've
gotta wait for the power and then I
punch him dammit this is a much closer
match shit a piglet I saw a commercial
on TV last week that you might be
interested in according to that you can
now buy jabs to the chin for $9.99
victory sold seperately bitch are you
ready for more punches you're not ready
for more punches oh there we go ko two
rounds absolutely destroyed piglet
looks like he went to the how many
punches can you endure buffet just
absolutely dominated that match coins
earned 147 can buy a fucking blimp with
that much money time for the next fight
what the fuck is this creature looks
like a fucking mutant Metapod with
boxing gloves Oh what the fuck that's
the end of the demo
I guess so the game just closed alright
I'm done playing this well that's the
end of this video remember to rate the
video comment the video and subscribe if
you want to see videos similar to this
one see ya